Support Access to Auditlog (#3277)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/user/04-80-audit-log-access.md

<!--{"metadata":{"publish":false}}-->

# Audit Log Access

Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) allows you to enable Audit Log Access during SAP BTP, Kyma runtime provisioning and update operations.
By default, Audit Log Access is disabled.
To enable it, set the **auditLogAccess** parameter to `true` in the provisioning or update request.

> ### Note:

> > The Audit Log Access feature is not available for `trial` and `free` plans.

Reviewer: AFAIK, the trial plan practically no longer exists. Users will be able to use a trial Kyma cluster. Do you think we can adjust this bit already to something like: 'The Audit Log Access feature is not available for trial Kyma instances or the `free` plan.`?

Author: Done.

> ### Caution:

> > Once enabled, Audit Log Access cannot be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Once you enable Audit Log Access, you cannot disable it.
```

       \"plan_id\": \"4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c\",
       \"context\": {
           \"globalaccount_id\": \"$GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID\",
           \"subaccount_id\": \"$SUBACCOUNT_ID\",
           \"user_id\": \"$USER_ID\"
       },
       \"parameters\": {
           \"name\": \"$NAME\",
           \"region\": \"$REGION\",
           \"auditLogAccess\": true
       }
   }"
```

## Updating Audit Log Access

To enable Audit Log Access on an existing Kyma runtime, send an update request with **auditLogAccess** set to `true`.

```bash
   curl --request PATCH "https://$BROKER_URL/oauth/v2/service_instances/$INSTANCE_ID?accepts_incomplete=true" \
   --header 'X-Broker-API-Version: 2.14' \
   --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
   --header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER" \
   --data-raw "{
       \"service_id\": \"47c9dcbf-ff30-448e-ab36-d3bad66ba281\",
       \"plan_id\": \"4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c\",
       \"context\": {
           \"globalaccount_id\": \"$GLOBAL_ACCOUNT_ID\",
           \"subaccount_id\": \"$SUBACCOUNT_ID\",
           \"user_id\": \"$USER_ID\"
       },
       \"parameters\": {
           \"auditLogAccess\": true
       }
   }"
```

> ### Note:

> > Once Audit Log Access is enabled, setting **auditLogAccess** to `false` in an update request results in an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If Audit Log Access is enabled, setting **auditLogAccess** to `false` in an update request results in an error.
```
